the Cardinals all standing in a
two-point stance
on the third down here comes the Blitz
new he puts it up he's got a man
Smith he's done
way touchdown Carolina 77 yards Cam
Newton's first touchdown pass to the NFL
and they were wondered if cam would be
affected by pressure and movement he
does a great job here allowing the
offensive line to work for him with all
the stand up defenders he just reads the
coverage and see Steve Smith going right
down the sideline it looked like there
was a mistake happened in the secondary
by sometime putz
great catch by Brandon LaFell the second
year wide receiver out of LSU with a
good grab
he's got it for a touchdown he held on
great pass great catch Arizona showing
blitz here they come
throws and it's caught by lapel for a
first down Brandon LaFell with a good
grab
throws
now diving catch by Jeremy Shockey
was the other side Oh
to me suggest me
three Titans in the
times
the big body went over the top and Cam
Newton with his first NFL touchdown
touchdown the time
with Greg Olson he goes uptown Brandon
LaFell
with the catch all right
it's fine
but in short of the first down
here here it's cover zero
caris linen the leader of the defense
makes the big play well does that remind
you of Sam the 99 super bubble yes
Tennessee one yard short